well howdy there internet people it's
beau again so today we're going to talk
about the lincoln project
i had a lot of questions about them but
they really boiled down to two
main questions first who are they are
they the good guys
what are they what's their intent why
are they doing this
and the second is about their ads you
know like
their ads don't make any sense
we'll get to that um they do they make
perfect sense as long as you don't look
at them
as political ads at least the type that
we see in this country
if you're overseas and you don't know
who the lincoln project is or you're
hearing you don't know who they are
it's a group of republicans who
are going all in on making sure that the
republican candidate for president
donald trump
loses they want to make sure the
democratic candidate wins the opposition
party
now people want to know why
some of them i i think they have a pure
motive
i think they understand exactly how
erratic
and dangerous the president is for the
united states
i'm pretty sure they understand this
because of their ads
and then i think some of them have a
more self-serving motive
which is they want to preserve the
republican party
and they know that a second term for
donald trump
could actually end the republican party
and i don't mean just for the next
election i mean permanently
if biden wins all of trump's policies
you know when when the government enacts
something it's a slow
machine it takes time most policies
really don't begin to
show effect until the following term
so if biden is in office he has to clean
up all of trump's messes
and he's running against the clock
because he has to do it before they spin
out of control
and if he fails from the republican
point of view
well he can just blame the democrats
however
if trump gets a second term trump has to
clean up his own messes
and he's incapable of that he doesn't
have the skill set to deal with some of
the messes that he's created
and he doesn't have the staying power
this isn't something he can just declare
bankruptcy on and walk away
like he has everything else in his life
and people are worried within the
republican party they're worried
that if trump has to deal with these
messes he won't be able to
the voters will see that and they will
blame the entire republican party
because the republican party enabled him
i think that voters can rightfully blame
the republican party for this
so they're trying to get him out that's
what's happening
okay so that's their intent what about
their ads
why don't their ads make any sense they
don't have a clear political vision
they don't have a clear philosophy they
don't seem to be appealing to voters
what are they doing they're not trying
to do any of that
they understand that he's erratic and
dangerous and easily manipulated
they're trying to goad him into making
mistakes
and it's working it is working
um one of the more recent
one of the more recent uh videos that
they put out
that went viral was the one where
it was aimed directly at trump talking
directly to him
very overt about trying to get inside
his head
saying everybody's against you they're
all laughing at you
they're all whispering about you
everybody's leaking
you can't trust anyone donald
it's everyone and it's funny
i would imagine that the lincoln project
was actually alluding to the fact that
like
60 of their funding is coming from small
donations of less than like 200 bucks
the kind that are really
not tracked to that well that
i believe are probably originating
in the house and the senate republicans
in the house and the senate who want
trump gone
but don't want to come out publicly
against him because they need his base
during the next election
i think that's what the lincoln project
was actually getting at
but trump's not that bright he doesn't
see stuff like that he doesn't think
anything through he sees what's right
right in front of his face so he looks
at the high profile people in his
administration
who's most likely to betray me well the
one that's speaking out against you of
course
how long was it between that ad
and him starting to distance himself
from dr fauci
not very long the president of the
united states is getting manipulated via
tweet
i know some people are saying well he
could have fired fouchy that would have
been dangerous
having a president that can be
manipulated over twitter is dangerous
um so
it's working or it was working i
actually think they're done and we'll
get to that in a second
and yeah this is dangerous it's
something that they have to be
right on the money with it can't be too
hot can't be too cold they got to be
perfect we're talking goldilocks here
and they're doing a good job of
tempering
what they say in another recent one they
had a seal
come out you know the epitome of a tough
guy in the united states
and basically call him spineless for his
lack of a response
to the bounties i don't think it was a
coincidence in fact i tweeted about it
at the time but i didn't want to
say too much because i knew i was going
to make this video
i don't think it was coincidence that
the tough guy image
was broken for just a second just to
make sure
that donald trump understood that there
were diplomatic and economic
responses as well it didn't have to be a
military one
because the president is dangerous
because he is erratic
and if that had been the one that went
viral and pushed his buttons and goaded
him for all we know he could have
launched a strike on chalabinsk
they're doing a good job at tempering it
yeah the fouchy thing almost got out of
hand
but overall i think they've done a good
job
i didn't make this video because they
were doing a good job i'm willing to
make it now because i think they're done
i think somebody in the administration
shortly before the denial
started getting issued about trying to
smear falchi
grabbed a giant box of crayons and broke
it down for the president
and explained what was going on to him
so i don't think they're going to be as
effective as they have been in the past
now i could be wrong about that because
it is trump
and he is an emotional person
so it may still work even if he knows
what they're doing
um but we'll have to see
now if you are a supporter of the
president
please understand that
regardless of how you feel about him
he's getting manipulated over twitter
the commander-in-chief
is making decisions because somebody
made fun of him on twitter
that man is not fit to be in that office
he's not it doesn't matter if you
support him or not you have to
acknowledge
that because if a group of republicans
can tweet him and have him make
policy changes or staffing changes
imagine what a foreign intelligence
service could do
with training and resources
there's a reason we're losing every
foreign policy engagement
the president of mexico said he didn't
have an opinion on the wall
because the president of mexico knows
that trump's completely ineffectual
how embarrassing is that make america
great
he's a laughingstock and he can be
goaded over twitter
he needs to go now i don't know if biden
will be able to clean up his messes
but i know that he can't
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day